Update readme (#85)
open-cluster-management-io/open-cluster-management-io.github.io: README.md

# Website
This repo host the website code of open-cluster-management project. After the PR is merged, the compiled website page will be published to gh-page branch in this repo.

The open-cluster-management website is based on Hugo, [Hugo-geekdoc-theme](https://github.com/thegeeklab/hugo-geekdoc), and is written in Markdown format.

> You can always click the Edit this page link at the top right of each page, but if you want to test your changes locally before submitting you can:

Reviewer: Sorry, I disabled this but I will add it back in a new PR.

Reviewer: The edit button is now back.

Fork the open-cluster-management-io/open-cluster-management-io.github.io on GitHub.

Check out your copy locally:

```
git clone ssh://git@github.com/<your-user>/open-cluster-management-io.github.io.git
cd open-cluster-management-io.github.io
make server
```

An instance of the website is now running locally on your machine and is accessible at http://localhost:1313.

Edit files in src. The browser should automatically reload so you can view your changes.

> Eventually commit, push, and pull-request your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are done with your edit(s) then commit, push, and submit a pull-request for your changes.
```
